All of the output files are written into the same folder where the input files of a particular case are provided. The following files and folders are created in the course of a simulation:

* **forces.txt**: This file consists of four columns - the first being the time, and the other three being the x, y and z components respectively of the forces acting on the immersed boundary at that instant of time. For 2-D simulations, only the x and y components are printed.
* **grid.txt**: This file contains a list of the coordinates of all the grid nodes of the structured grid in ascending order, starting with the x-coordinates and succeeded by the y and z-coordinates.
* **iterationCount.txt**: This file consists of three columns - the first gives the time step, and the second and third columns give the number of iterations it took for the two linear solvers (for intermediate velocity and pressure, respectively) to converge at that time step.
* **performanceSummary.txt**: This is the performance summary log generated by PETSc. Its contents are the same as what would be generated if the command line option `-log_summary` was passed to a PETSc program.
* **simulationInfo.txt**: Information about the simulation. 
* Output folders are saved at time intervals of `nsave`. These folders in turn contain the files:
  * **qx.dat**, **qy.dat** and **qz.dat**: PETSc binary files that store vectors of the x, y and z components of the velocity fluxes through each of the cell faces in the domain.
  * **phi.dat**: PETSc binary file that stores a vector of the values of discrete pressure in all cells in the domain.
  * **fTilde.dat**: This file is written if an immersed boundary is present in the flow. It is a PETSc binary file that stores a vector of the rescaled body forces calculated at every boundary point.
  * Along with the above files, the corresponding `.info` files are also written, which are used by PETSc.