We provide some Python scripts to help the user post-processing the numerical solution from PetIBM.
Those scripts are located in the directory: `$PETIBM_DIR/scripts/python`. For each script, the command-line flag `--help` will list the available options.

We use Matplotlib to plot the figures. The package is for instance available in the Python distribution for scientific computation, [Anaconda](https://store.continuum.io/cshop/anaconda). The style of the Matplotlib figures is stored in the file `$PETIBM_DIR/scripts/python/style/style_PetIBM.mplstyle` and can be modified at your convenience.

Here, we give a brief explanation of the post-processing scripts:

* `plotFields2d.py`: plots the two-dimensional contours of the pressure field, of each velocity components and or the vorticity field at saved time-steps. Customization is available throughout command-line parameters.

* `plotForceCoefficients.py`: plots the force coefficients for single or multiple bodies.

* `generateVTKFiles.py`: this script generates `.vtk` files that are readable by open-source visualization tools such as [Paraview](http://www.paraview.org) or [VisIt](https://wci.llnl.gov/simulation/computer-codes/visit). Pressure field and/or velocity field at saved time-steps can be generated for 2d and 3d problems.

* `cleanSimulation.py`: removes output files of a given simulation directory generated by PetIBM during the run.


Other scripts can be used to prepare the PetIBM simulations:

* `generateBody.py`: generates the boundary points and saved them into a file. (This script relies on the module `geometry` located in the same folder.)

* `generateGrid.py`: create the file `cartesianMesh.yaml` that will be read by PetIBM. The script takes as input a file containing the parameters of the grid (one example of such file, `gridParameters`, is present in the same folder).
